Various updates to pages (#3152)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/logging.html.md

## Logit

GOV.UK is following [The GDS Way guidance on logging][] by using the approved vendor [Logit][].

For information on how to log in and view stacks, please see the [GOV.UK Logit documentation][].

[The GDS Way guidance on logging]: https://gds-way.cloudapps.digital/standards/logging.html#content
[Logit]: https://logit.io
[GOV.UK Logit documentation]: /manual/logit.html

> > **Note:** Although Logit is where we currently store logs, according to the GDS Way we are migrating towards Splunk and therefore some logs are currently available in Splunk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** although Logit is where we currently store logs, the GDS Way suggests we are migrating towards Splunk and therefore some logs are currently available in Splunk.
```
